you literally could have taken any kid
off the corner but you chose me why
these fools of the streets acting like
they got something to prove they only
want to hustle for the money in the
flash but not you you're special welcome
to Atlanta you've got everything you
could have own culture style and of
course music when you look deeper
there's a whole other side you've never
seen before
welcome to my world I've been working
the street since I was 11 gave people
jobs on the wing on jobs I swapped cash
for crypto and redefined the hustle I
choose my crew wisely
scatter that's my mentor another you
miss your favorite student miss kicking
your ass George she's my inspiration you
can be whatever you want to be Neddy
that's my soul everything is moving
smooth like butter preschool changes
you've been operating under the radar
although that's about to change
cause you take it to the hospital you
know there's a difference between being
now being pushed down
it's no crew they have cartel
connections and they're coming after
everything we have and everyone we love
what's the play one last score so big
that we will never have to look of our
sold again but we have to go to the
source if we do this there's no going
back never was I know who you are priest
abandon our business that's not
acceptable
I promise I'm like they carry
we stick to the plan what plan we black
men ain't no SC
come on let's take a drive
[Applause]
you